There are two free must have Google Analytics resources that I recommend you get access to straight
away.
And the first is the Google Analytics demo account.
Now this is a fully functioning Google Analytics account.
All of the data actually comes from a Real's Web site which is the Google merchandise store where they
sell merchandise for Google hats T-shirts that type of thing.
So this is real data.
And by getting access to this account you can really get hands on practical experience with Google analytics
that you can bring into a job or use before you start to work for a client etc.
Now even if you do have a web site I'd still recommend you add this to your Google Analytics account
because they have a lot of advanced configurations set up like custom dimensions and metrics filters
goals and so by coming in looking at this you really have a guide that you can look at and it's a real
working account.
So what I'm going to do is put this link in the description of the video.
You just need to click access demo can't.
It'll prompt you to set up a Google Analytics account if you don't have one.
And if you do have one you can just add this in and have it alongside all of your other Google Analytics
properties.
So fantastic I must have to get that practical hands on experience working with a real account.
It will save you from setting up a Web site and having to implement the tracking code and all that stuff.
Now the second resource is the Google Analytics help center and this is incredible.
I referred this all the time.
There's a lot of sections broken down here for help and you can also just type anything in if there's
a metric like the bounce rate that you don't understand what that is when you're looking and report
just come in and find it.
So those are the two resources that demo account and the help center. I put the links in the description
and the key thing that you should know is that you can not only use these to better prepare for the
exam but you can actually use these during the Google Analytics certification exam as well.
Not a lot of people know that the Google and certification exam is an open book policy.
So if you get stuck you can come in here look at the specific reports and try and figure out what the
question is about or Type in you know some of the keywords from the question in here and you'll be
able to really help you use this to help you answer those tougher questions and pass the exam first
time.
So links are in the description.
Go ahead and get access to them right now.